[Music]
famous logos that have a secret meaning
a logo is the face of a brand and we
often buy this or that item because its
face
is well known to the world come on don't
deny it
this is why designers work really long
and hard
at creating a logo that's simple enough
to easily remember
yet unique enough to stand out
as for the best logos they contain a
hidden subtext
that represents the company's values
goals or history
so here are 12 world famous logos
with a secret hidden meaning but before
we explore the world of successful
branding
don't miss your chance to see one
extremely good looking logo
every single day yep i'm talking about
the bright
side and you can join it by simply
clicking that big red subscribe button
give the notification bell a ring so
that you don't miss
any of our daily uploads now let's jump
right in counting down from number 12
airbnb people use the internet service
airbnb
to find cool places to stay all around
the world
it started with three inflatable beds in
san francisco
where co-founders brian chesky and joe
gibia
hosted their first visitors they chose a
really strange logo for the company
that kind of looks like a paper clap but
in fact
the logo has a much deeper meaning than
it might seem at first
it contains four simple yet meaningful
elements
the head of a person that represents a
user of their site
the sign for a location on a map to show
where the house or apartment is a heart
to represent love
and finally all of these symbols combine
to make the letter a
for airbnb number 11
tripadvisor now speaking of traveling
even if you're not an experienced jet
setter you've definitely seen this logo
before
it belongs to tripadvisor which allows
travelers from all around the world
to choose the best hotels to stay at top
restaurants to go
to airlines with the most attractive
deals
and even information on the most
interesting places to visit
you can also find tons of reviews on
their website from
other users that can help you make your
decision
tripadvisor's logo is an owl which
symbolizes wisdom
and knowledge as for its different
colored eyes
they show that each traveler has a
choice to make
green means go and red means no
pretty cool huh
[Music]
number 10 mastercard
does this company's logo pick up at you
every time you open your wallet or a
swipe your debit or credit card
the international payment system we all
know these days as
mastercard was established in 1966
as interbank its logo has undergone
quite a few changes since then
the most recent change was in 2016
after 20 years of having the word
mastercard
within the iconic red and orange circles
the colors remained the same but the
company's name was put
under the venn diagram looking logo as
for the color scheme
in their branding it all comes down to
psychology
red stands for bravery passion and for
doing what makes you feel joy
the bright yellow symbolizes prosperity
mastercard thinks that these qualities
are essential for people
who want to become rich so the colors in
the logo
meet in the middle number nine
dell now ever wonder why the e
in dell's logo is all askew what could
that possibly symbolize
other than just trying to make the logo
look cool
well the founder of the company michael
dell
wanted to convey the meaning of the
popular idiom
turn the world on its ear which means to
change something in an exciting way
that's what dell is out to do and their
mission is right there in the logo
so now you know what the dell is going
on here
[Music]
number 8 national geographic
national geographic the popular magazine
and channel that broadcast documentaries
in 171 countries
made its logo a yellow rectangle simple
and elegant but still with plenty of
symbolism
the rectangle symbolizes a door that's
open to the world of knowledge
about nature science and culture the
color was chosen for a reason too
can you guess what it stands for yellow
and bright just like
you got it the sun it's a metaphor for
the sun
that shines over the entire world and is
the source
of energy and power number seven
vodafone now those of you in north
america
might not have heard about this company
but vodafone
is a british mobile provider that
operates mostly in europe asia
africa and oceania the company
chose a couple of mysterious things for
its logo
which looks sort of like an earphone to
a lot of people
is that what you see in it well it's
actually a quotation mark
so in this case an open quote stands for
the beginning of a conversation and
voice communication
the designers wanted to show that with
vodafone
users can talk to each other anytime
they want
and if you're wondering what font that
is in the company's logo
it was designed exclusively for vodafone
and
bears its name it ain't your average
times new roman you know
[Music]
number six haribo
now haribo is famous for its delicious
gummy candies
and catchy little jingle since the
company was founded in germany
you're probably thinking haribo means
gummy bear in german
but no that's not the case at all the
company's founder simply combined
the first two letters of his first and
last name
hans regal and added the first two
letters of his hometown of bonn
hans used to sell candy at fairs where
there were dancing bears
this inspired him to produce these
iconic bear-shaped gummies
number five subway
the arrows on the first and last letters
of the subway logo
are there for a reason they actually
stand for the entrance and exit to the
subway
this way the company demonstrates that
with subway
you can eat on the go like in the actual
subway
if you really wanted to the colors play
a huge role too
green symbolizes the fact that the
company is an advocate for healthy food
and supplies only
good quality products and the yellow
stands for joy
optimism fun and richness and also
mustard
the world's largest fast food franchise
yep
bigger than mickey d's that successfully
runs in 110 countries
sure does know a thing or two about
richness in its different meanings
number 4 dc comics
having brought us so many beloved
superheroes and action-packed stories
dc comics decided to change their logo
in 2016.
their fans were furious and asked the
company to return to the logo they knew
for so many years but nobody could even
guess
how much of a hidden meaning there was
behind the new design
the company's co-founder jim lee
revealed on his instagram account what
the new logo
actually means the nooks and angles are
meant to evoke the superman
s symbol the wonder woman ww emblem
and the bat signal can you see all of
them in there
number three mozilla firefox
there are three types of people in this
world safari chrome and firefox fans
wait are you still using internet
explorer oops
that's awkward all jokes aside the
famous web browser
mozilla firefox put a fox on its logo
that circles the entire planet
but guess what that's not even a fox
the thing is firefox is the english
translation of the chinese name
for a red panda this way the company
wanted to demonstrate
how unique they are because this is a
very rare kind of panda that's actually
endangered in 2010 mozilla firefox even
adopted two red pandas
and took over responsibility for their
care so yeah
firefox is no fox at all it's an
adorable
red panda ah number two
bacardi now bacardi didn't intend to
scare their customers with their logo
just like so many great things that have
stuck with us for years
it came from something the legend goes
that the wife of bacardi's co-founder
saw a bat in their liquor factory but
instead of getting scared and running
for the exit
he took it as a sign and decided this
was exactly what should be on the logo
in cuba where bacardi is from bats are a
symbol of health
luck and unity and number one
orbit finally easily one of the most
recognized logos in the world i bet you
have a pack of orbit gum in your pocket
right now
if you look closely at the logo you'll
notice that the capital o
is split into two parts one dark and one
light
in the background you can see the image
of an orbit
so it's clear that the o symbolizes day
and night
and a planet revolving around the sun
a dupe for more expensive gums in the us
during world war
ii the company is now enjoying its time
to shine
at least according to its latest
campaign slogan
well which logo's hidden meaning
surprised you the most
tell us all about it in the comments
below don't forget to give us a like
and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
until next time
you